Making a movie Tianjiao
Did you make a movie?
Yes, yes, Tianjiao
You've been on fire lately
Workers in the factory?
They're all talking about you
eldest sister
This is all packed for me with exposed teeth, of course.
And you have to have a body, you have to have a face, you have to have a face.
How can you not make a movie?
Ah, sister, you also want a figure and figure.
Big face
Yes, of course there is.
When I pair it up, look at my face.
I treat you well
You shameless
As for you
Just when you are number 3
It won't be a man.
Dress up as a woman
When the time comes
The three of us will sleep
Hey, how can I make any movies?
I will manage the factory at most
Sister, don't refuse
Or I'll sell you your name
What do you have with me?
Don't talk nonsense
Uh, does Du Yao need a lot of money to make a movie?
It's okay, we're not short of money.
That Boss Lu
When do we open?
I'm holding a press conference tomorrow
Officially announced its entry into the film and television industry